so today is Thursday in I'm going to my
mom's house and I don't know I think I
blog this week and I have put this on to
go run some errands so if you see this
outfit again
I'm sorry but this is like my little
sarong I'll see it now but whenever I
have to go somewhere and I want my hands
to be covered up because it's like a
one-piece pants and it's cotton so it's
like really comfortable and stretchy
because I only wash there like one time
and it's are you getting those little
kind of like fuzz balls on it like it
doesn't have fuzz balls but you know how
you can build a texture it's not as
smooth base before so I don't care I'm
just gonna be darkness phone whenever I
just wanna running somewhere or running
here and or whatever so yeah and I got
this from Burlington if anyone is
wondering so yeah and I'm going to my
mom's house I actually had planned to do
my hair review on this hair today and
film the intro to how I planned my hair
likes to wear it oops I can't bail cap
down or a ponytail and stuff like this I
already filmed the video but I just need
to do the intro and I kind of tell you
das about the products I use
I have a makeup tutorial I have a makeup
tutorial that I was editing the last
night that I had filmed some weeks ago
where I used the Delian tools brushes
but
I don't know if I'm gonna finish it
tonight because I like doing voiceovers
and kind of walking you dog through the
steps of everything I do instead of just
doing like a sped up tutorial where I'm
not talking at all or he doesn't have a
voiceover I don't know you don't let me
know which you like better which I mean
of course this is gonna probably go up
after a day videos already up but I'll
know for future reference
and I know this channel is in my beauty
Channel but I know a lot of you dogs are
here so yeah um but yeah last night and
I still be sick
I took my medicine which I've been
taking this earth take so and night I
sleep really really good with it it's
like I have dreams more so I don't know
about it maybe it's because of the drugs
or whatever but sometimes I mean you
probably dreamed me every night but
sometimes I feel like don't dream at all
or it's like I just don't remember but
sometimes I'll know that I had a dream
but I don't remember what it was about
but I know for sure last night that I
dreamed about some tacos
not just talk okay like Taco Bell or
somewhere it was like homemade tacos and
I wanted to make my own tacos and I know
why I had this dream because I listened
to like some different radio stations on
YouTube and it's one of the stations
that's in New York not the breakfast
club I love them it's the other station
that has like Laura Rosenberg and all of
them on there you dogs may know what I'm
talking about I think it's like 97
something but yeah they had a discussion
about different foods and which one
would you get rid of like if you had to
get rid of one of the foods which one
would you get rid of and it was like
chicken wings tacos pizza and hamburgers
those were the four things and I loved
all of those foods they're probably not
the best things for you but I lived by
those foods absolutely loved my chicken
wings couldn't go without them so the
one thing that I said that I would
probably could would be either like
pizza or tacos and I love tacos too but
it's not something I have it's often I
have chicken hamburgers and pizza way
more than I do
tacos we'll actually I have tacos
probably just as much as pizza but I
don't know yeah it's so it's so hard to
narrow down and get rid of one of those
especially if you're southern or even if
you live like in New York is but because
I know pizza it's like really popular
out there so yeah I don't know you don't
tell me down below which one would you
get rid of but yeah that's why I was
thinking about tacos and I wanted some
homemade tacos because I love tacos at
home more than like Taco Bell and stuff
and I have a maintenance and probably
like a few weeks or a month or so so I
was thinking that I wanted to make that
today but I didn't want to go to the
grocery store I hate going because so
freakin hot and I needed to get the
stuff cause I wanted to do it so then I
talked to my mom and she was I heard
like almost every day when I get off and
she was saying something about her my
dad going to get some tacos like is he
ready to go get the tacos and I was like
oh yeah inside goes tonight I was like
why don't you make some tacos and she
was like oh no I don't feel like doing
that because my mom barely ever cooks
she really only cooked on like Sundays
and every now and then if she just is in
the mood even if it's something small
they eat out all the time I guess that's
why I eat out so much when we were
younger she's the cook all the time but
I guess since we like got older and like
in high school and stuff she didn't cook
as often
probably after hospital she studies
because quite a bit in high school but
anyways yeah I'm just I'm rambling but
yeah I was trying to get her to make
some tacos and she didn't want to but
then she said tacos cost like $50.00 to
make and I'm like lady no it doesn't you
are totally over exaggerating because
you don't want to make the tacos tacos
are so cheap to make unless you put like
rice and beans and all this stuff on
there because we just eat regular tacos
with like ground beef lettuce tomatoes
cheese I don't eat the tomatoes and I
barely put cheese and oh I love the
latest on there that's all we eat on it
that is not expensive that you need the
sauce in the shells of course super
cheap meals she's like oh yes just
cheaper to go by no it's nice lady you
can count leftovers or whatever it's not
cheaper so then she was like okay yeah
I'll make some if you go by the meat and
I was like okay sudden she was like oh
well let me check I might have some I
might have some meat and I was like okay
so then she was like oh I have all of
the stuff here everything that I need
the shells to meet everything I'm like
okay well I don't have to bring anything
so I just need to bring my appetite let
me emphasize here I come in stay up I
was playing on a computer a little bit
and then I just throw this on and now
we're going to moms I'll be there
momentarily I'm already in the
neighborhood but
I have Versace with me and he brought
his little toy or about his little toy
so he can have something to play away
but I'm sure he's not gonna play with it
because he likes to terrorize
candy every time oh and I was just
thinking I never really pulled my camera
when I get some bounce house and vlog
inside my lips are so dry I think it's
that medicine
asshole you didn't even have a stop sign
anyways yeah I think this medicine is
strong my lips out and I have been
drinking quite a bit of oil water up in
my lips still get really dry and I don't
have anything on memory down but anyways
yeah I was thinking that I was pull my
camera out this time cuz a lot of times
I'll get over there and I won't pull the
camera back out but I was thinking I
would this time and take your dogs into
my old room and kind of show you what it
looks like I was set up because my bed
and all of this stuff is still in there
but there are some changes and my dad
kind of made it into his office but they
kept the bed and stuff um so I kind of
maybe show you those but I just got here
and I'm gonna go in and hopefully I'll
pull the camera back out I'll try not to
UM put it away too much so yeah I'll be
back chandi's underneath the blanket and
he is trying to attack her mama's
watching my video on her creative you
can hear it was just so real but not a
not doing it